I'm a mushroom mushroom just a bad ass
to the puppy that was that from David to
Ariana there's all my small boxes that I
was looking for what's in that box of
bottled water you know what bottles of
water to have to make it heavy two of
them made us David oh my avon she can't
get the tape off yeah be careful wrong
way I think in this one yes honey bunny
what can I open social murder my baby no
Christmas tree oh come on now be careful
careful careful there would you do it
the wrong way once you don't stab your
truck door
careful with the knife yeah I'm all
right careful with the night I think you
should Jack come on it takes five people
over his present wrap empty boxes taping
really well I think you open the wrong
side I think the other side would have
been easier to open nice won't even cut
butter somebody's gonna lose a finger oh
my gosh all right watch our child
careful
it's raw stuffing your face you don't
open up the top you come up in five
minutes let's go Ariana oh can you put
on the floor make me nervous
oh my god your finger you're lucky you
first got one tonight Oh a Toyota gift
man why are you opening it exhausted
Ariana you want open gifts aren't you
excited now I'll kill them okay that's
easy thank you Bob so what you up to Oh
six minutes open on that present just
for four things in nail polish let's
nail polish rafidi thing that's what she
wanted she wanted on neons but I might
be on ahead with you she's gonna do like
one aim each finger are you happy
Ariana's yes that's the word I did all
that work my nails are probably be
broken well now you can paint them till
they look nice hey